William Ford Gibson (born March 17, 1948) is an American-Canadian speculative fiction writer and essayist widely credited with pioneering the science fiction subgenre known as cyberpunk. In his early short fiction, Gibson is credited by Rapatzikou in The Literary Encyclopedia with effectively "renovating" writing of science fiction, a genre at that time considered widely "insignificant", influencing writing by means of the postmodern aesthetic of his writing the development of new perspectives in science fiction studies. In the words of filmmaker Marianne Trench, Gibson's writing vision "struck sparks in the real world" and "determined the way people thought and talked" to an extent unprecedented in writing of science fiction literature;

Artificial intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines and machine learning, unlike the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading artificial intelligence textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines, machine learning, or computers that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem solving". The traditional problems (or goals) of artificial intelligence research include reasoning, knowledge representation, planning, learning, machine learning, natural language processing, perception and the ability to move and manipulate objects;

A self-driving car, also known as an autonomous vehicle, connected and autonomous vehicle, driverless car, robo-car, or robotic car, (automated vehicles and fully automated vehicles in the European Union) is a vehicle that is capable of sensing its environment and moving safely with little or no human input. PC Magazine defines a self-driving car as "A computer-controlled car that drives itself." The Union of Concerned Scientists states that self-driving cars are "cars or trucks in which human drivers are never required to take control to safely operate the vehicle. Also known as autonomous or 'driverless' cars, they combine sensors and software to control, navigate, and drive the vehicle.";

A house is a single-unit residential building, which may range in complexity from a rudimentary hut to a complex, structure of wood, masonry, concrete or other material, outfitted with plumbing, electrical, and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems. Houses use a range of different roofing systems to keep precipitation such as rain from getting into the dwelling space. Houses may have doors or locks to secure the dwelling space and protect its inhabitants and contents from burglars or other trespassers. Most conventional modern houses in Western cultures will contain one or more bedrooms and bathrooms, a kitchen or cooking area, and a living room. A house may have a separate dining room, or the eating area may be integrated into another room. Some large houses in North America have a recreation room. In traditional agriculture-oriented societies, domestic animals such as chickens or larger livestock (like cattle) may share part of the house with humans. ;

A typical artificial intelligence agent analyzes its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of success. An artificial intelligence agent's intended utility function (or goal) can be simple ("1 if the artificial intelligence agent wins a game of Go, 0 otherwise") or complex ("Perform actions mathematically similar to ones that succeeded in the past"). Goals can be explicitly defined or induced in machine learning. If the artificial intelligence agent is programmed for "reinforcement learning", goals can be implicitly induced by rewarding some types of behavior or punishing others. Alternatively, an evolutionary system can induce goals by using a "fitness function" to mutate and preferentially replicate high-scoring artificial intelligence or machine learning systems, similar to how animals evolved to innately desire certain goals such as finding food. Some artificial intelligence or   machine learning systems, such as nearest-neighbor, instead of reason by analogy, these systems are not generally given goals, except to the degree that goals are implicit in their training data for machine learning. Such systems can still be benchmarked if the non-goal system is framed as a system whose "goal" is to successfully accomplish its narrow classification task.;

In the United States, modern house and room construction techniques include light-frame construction (in areas with access to supplies of wood) and adobe or sometimes rammed-earth construction (in arid regions with scarce wood-resources). Some areas use brick for houses and rooms almost exclusively, and quarried stone has long provided foundations and walls. To some extent, aluminum and steel have displaced some traditional building materials. Increasingly popular alternative construction materials for rooms include insulating concrete forms (foam forms filled with concrete), structural insulated panels (foam panels faced with oriented strand board or fiber cement), light-gauge steel, and steel framing. More generally, people often build houses and rooms out of the nearest available material, and often tradition or culture govern construction-materials, so whole towns, areas, counties or even states/countries may be built out of one main type of material. For example, a large portion of American houses use wood, while most British and many European houses use stone, brick, or mud. ;

Another characteristic of autonomous vehicles and cars is that the core product will have a greater emphasis on the software and its possibilities, instead of the chassis and its engine of cars. This is because autonomous vehicles and cars have software systems that drive the vehicle, meaning that updates through reprogramming or editing the software can enhance the benefits of the owner (e.g. update in better distinguishing blind person vs. non-blind person so that the vehicle or car will take extra caution when approaching a blind person). A characteristic of this reprogrammable part of autonomous vehicles and cars is that the updates need not only to come from the supplier, because through machine learning, smart autonomous vehicles and cars can generate certain updates and install them accordingly (e.g. new navigation maps or new intersection computer systems). These reprogrammable characteristics of the digital technology and the possibility of smart machine in cars of learning give manufacturers of autonomous vehicles and cars the opportunity to differentiate themselves on software. This also implies that autonomous vehicles and cars are never finished because the product can continuously be improved. ;

Somewhat similar to modern offices and rooms, partitions within traditional Japanese houses are created by a variety of movable panels. One of the most common types is fusuma, sliding doors made from wood and paper, which are portable and easily removed. Fusuma seal each partition from top to bottom so it can create a mini room within the house. On the edge of a house are roka, wooden floored passages, that are similar to hallways between the rooms. Roka and ima are partitioned by shoji, sliding and portable doors that are also made from paper and wood. Unlike fusuma, paper used for shoji is very thin so outside light can pass through into the house. This was before glass began to be used for sliding doors. Roka and outside of the house are either partitioned by walls or portable wooden boards that are used to seal the house and rooms at night. Extended roofs protect the roka from getting wet when it rains, except during typhoon season where the house gets sealed completely. Roofs of traditional houses in Japan are made of wood and clay, with tiles or thatched areas on top;

The question arises how automated vehicles and cars should be programmed to behave in an emergency situation where either passengers or other traffic participants like: pedestrians, bicyclists and other drivers are endangered. A moral dilemma that a software engineer or vehicle and car manufacturer might face in programming the operating software is described in an ethical thought experiment, the trolley problem: a conductor of a trolley has the choice of staying on the planned track and running over five people, or turn the trolley onto a track where it would kill only one person, assuming there is no traffic  and cars on it. When a self-driving vehicle or car is in following scenario: it's driving with passengers and suddenly a person appears in its way. The autonomous vehicle or car has to decide between the two options, either to run the person over or to avoid hitting the person by swerving into a wall, killing the passengers. There are two main considerations that need to be addressed with autonomous vehicles and cars. First, what moral basis would be used by an automated vehicle or car to make decisions? Second, how could those be translated into software code for autonomous vehicles and cars? Researchers have suggested, in particular, two ethical theories to be applicable to the behavior of automated vehicles and cars in cases of emergency: deontology and utilitarianism;

Roger Joseph Zelazny (May 13, 1937 – June 14, 1995) was an American poet and writer of fantasy and science fiction short stories and novels, best known for The Chronicles of Amber. This science fiction writer won the Nebula Award three times (out of 14 nominations) and the Hugo Award six times (also out of 14 nominations), including two Hugos for novels: the serialized novel ...And Call Me Conrad (1965), subsequently published under the title This Immortal (1966) and then the novel Lord of Light (1967). Between 1962 and 1969 he worked for the U.S. Social Security Administration in Cleveland, Ohio and then in Baltimore, Maryland spending his evenings writing science fiction. In his science fiction writing deliberately progressed from short-shorts to novelettes to novellas and finally to novel-length works by 1965. On May 1, 1969, he quit to become a full-time writer, and thereafter concentrated on writing novels in order to maintain his income;

Unsupervised machine learning in artificial intelligence is the ability to find patterns in a stream of input, without requiring a human to label the inputs first. Supervised machine learning in artificial intelligence includes both classification and numerical regression, which requires a human to label the input data first. Classification in artificial intelligence is used to determine what category something belongs in, and occurs after a program sees a number of examples of things from several categories. Regression is the attempt to produce a function that describes the relationship between inputs and outputs and predicts how the outputs should change as the inputs change. Both classifiers and regression learners can be viewed as "function approximators" of artificial intelligence trying to learn an unknown (possibly implicit) function. For example, a spam classifier in machine learning can be viewed as learning a function that maps from the text of an email to one of two categories, "spam" or "not spam". Computational learning theory in artificial intelligence and machine learning can assess learners by computational complexity, by sample complexity (how much data is required), or by other notions of optimization. In reinforcement learning the agent is rewarded for good responses and punished for bad ones. The agent uses this sequence of rewards and punishments to form a strategy for operating in its problem space. ;

A show house, also called a model home or display home and rooms, is a term for a "display" version of manufactured homes, or houses in a subdivision. They are used on newly built developments to show the living space and features of homes available. Show homes are often built with rooms in such a way that they can be sold like any other house, and as such are connected to electrical and telephone cables and have functioning water systems. They almost always are equipped with full furnishings of rooms, including appliances and interior decoration ("staging") to allow prospective buyers to more easily visualize what the house would look like when lived in. Once the home is ultimately put up for sale, many builders will give buyers the option to buy the home with rooms in fully furnished state;

Stanislaw Herman Lemwas a Polish writer of science fiction and essays on various subjects, including philosophy, futurology, and literary criticism. Many of his science fiction story writings are of satirical and humorous character. Lem's criticism of most science fiction writing surfaced in literary and philosophical essays Science Fiction and Futurology and interviews. In the 1990s, Lem forswore science fiction writing and returned to futurological prognostications, most notably those expressed in Okamgnienie;

Another characteristic of autonomous vehicles and cars is that the core product will have a greater emphasis on the software and its possibilities, instead of the chassis and its engine of cars. This is because autonomous vehicles and cars have software systems that drive the vehicle, meaning that updates through reprogramming or editing the software can enhance the benefits of the owner (e.g. update in better distinguishing blind person vs. non-blind person so that the vehicle will take extra caution when approaching a blind person). A characteristic of this reprogrammable part of autonomous vehicles and cars is that the updates need not only to come from the supplier, because through machine learning, smart autonomous vehicles and cars can generate certain updates and install them accordingly (e.g. new navigation maps or new intersection computer systems). These reprogrammable characteristics of the digital technology and the possibility of smart machine learning give manufacturers of autonomous vehicles and cars the opportunity to differentiate themselves on software. This also implies that autonomous vehicles and cars are never finished because the product can continuously be improved. ;

The question revolves around a position defined by John Searle as "strong Artificial Intelligence": A physical symbol system can have a mind and mental states. Searle distinguished this position from what he called "weak Artificial Intelligence" and machine learning: A physical symbol system can act intelligently as in machine learning. Searle introduced the terms to isolate strong Artificial Intelligence from weak Artificial Intelligence so he could focus on what he thought was the more interesting and debatable issue. He argued that even if we assume that we had a computer and machine learning program that acted exactly like a human mind, there would still be a difficult philosophical question of machine learning that needed to be answered. Neither of Searle's two positions are of great concern to Artificial Intelligence research, since they do not directly answer the question "can a machine display general intelligence?" (unless it can also be shown that consciousness is necessary for intelligence). Turing wrote "I do not wish to give the impression that I think there is no mystery about consciousness… But I do not think these mysteries necessarily need to be solved before we can answer the question [of whether machines in machine learning can think]." Russell and Norvig agree: "Most Artificial Intelligence researchers take the weak Artificial Intelligence hypothesis for granted, and don't care about the strong Artificial Intelligence hypothesis;

Asimov's writing career can be divided into several periods. His early career, dominated by science fiction, began with writing of short stories in 1939 and novels in 1950. This lasted until about 1958, all but ending after publication of The Naked Sun (1957). He began publishing nonfiction as co-author writer of a college-level textbook called Biochemistry and Human Metabolism. Following the brief orbit of the first man-made satellite Sputnik I by the USSR in 1957, his writing production of nonfiction, particularly popular science books, greatly increased, with a consequent drop in his science fiction output. Over the next quarter century, he wrote only four science fiction novels, while writing over 120 nonfiction books. Starting in 1982, the second half of his science fiction writing career began with the publication of Foundation's Edge. From then until his death, Asimov wrote and published several more sequels and prequels to his existing novels, tying them together in a way he had not originally anticipated, making a unified series. There are, however, many inconsistencies in this unification, especially in his earlier stories;
